Split C++ (godot-cpp) and GDExtension system info into separate categories, children of Scripting. (#10631)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/godot_cpp/getting_started.rst

Author: Alright, I'll rename the file back to `gdextension_cpp_example.rst`. And many thanks for the explanations!

.. _doc_godot_cpp_getting_started:

Getting started
===============

Workflow overview
-----------------

As a GDExtension, godot-cpp is more complicated to use than :ref:`GDScript <doc_gdscript>` and :ref:`C# <doc_c_sharp>`.
If you decide to work with it, here's what to expect your workflow to look like:

* Create a new godot-cpp project (from the `template <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp-template>`__, or from scratch, as explained below).
* Develop your code with your :ref:`favorite IDE <toc-devel-configuring_an_ide>` locally.
* Build and test your code with the earliest compatible Godot version.
* Create builds for all platforms you want to support (e.g. using `GitHub Actions <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp-template/blob/main/.github/workflows/builds.yml>`__).
* Optional: Publish on the `Godot Asset Library <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset>`__.

Example project
---------------

For your first godot-cpp project, we recommend starting with this guide to understand the technology involved with
godot-cpp. After you're done, you can use the `godot-cpp template <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp-template>`__,

> which is usually more up to date and has better coverage of features. However, the template does not explain itself to

Reviewer: Not sure here what you mean by "usually more up to date and has better coverage of features". Could you clarify?

Author: By "better coverage of features" I mean that there is "more stuff" in the template than in the example, such as a more complete `SConstruct` file, GitHub actions files, and boilerplate for documentation.
I think the template is better suited as a hub for basing a project off of, and at least personally I'm more likely to update it with new technology and adaptions to godot-cpp changes. 
The tutorial here is, in turn, better suited to explain the methods involved and what all the files _mean_, and should probably be more concerned about making it easy to explain, rather than employing the best practices for a repository.

All in all i'm trying to get people to use the tutorial first, and then switch to using the template for projects. But this is definitely a subjective interpretation of the resources we're providing! Do you have a different perspective on this?

Reviewer: Yeah I agree with the template having better coverage but maybe stating some of these points might be useful. "more up to date" also is not very descriptive. 
```suggestion
godot-cpp. After you're done, you can use the `godot-cpp template <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp-template>`__,
which is usually up to date and has better coverage of features such as a GitHub action pipeline and SConstruct boilerplate code. However, the template does not explain itself to
```

Author: Alright, I'll add the examples, and just delete the 'up to date' part. The boilerplate part is less oraculous, so it's a better fit for reasoning :)

a high level of detail, which is why we recommend going through this guide first.

Setting up the project

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Author: Hrm, yeah, I wanted to try it out. Since the page is so long, the TOC would probably be appreciated.

Personally though, I think the page is just covering a bit too much right now. I think I may address that by boiling the page down to what it needs, and moving things like "adding properties" to separate pages, with more detail for that specific area.

So I'm open to change it back if anyone (you?) has strong opinions, otherwise i'll leave it like the current state and shrink the article down later.

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: In my opinion it would be indeed nice to indeed keep the original headers as shown in the second picture. A lot of people might just want to quickly get to the right section and it does not really take much more space.

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: Seems like you have a vision for the section overall, so leaving it as it is is okay with me.

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Author: Ok! I'll switch it back to use full headers instead :)
It's not really part of the core idea of this PR, and would be better suited for another, if anything.

Every second, we output our position to the console.

Next steps

> ~~~~~~~~~~

Author: Good idea!
